# Introduction

This is an implementation of :

Build a simple social networking application, similar to Twitter, and expose it through a web API. The application should support the scenarios below.

Posting : A user should be able to post a 140 character message.

Wall : A user should be able to see a list of the messages they've posted, in reverse chronological order.

Following : A user should be able to follow another user. Following doesn't have to be reciprocal: Alice can follow Bob without Bob having to follow Alice.

Timeline : A user should be able to see a list of the messages posted by all the people they follow, in reverse chronological order.

# How to Test

Following command can be used to run unit and integration tests.

```
./gradlew clean check
```


# How to Run

Gradle is used to build and run. Following command can be used to run application.

```
./gradlew clean bootRun
```

Rest APIs will be exposed on http://localhost:8080/user

# How to Package

Following command can be used to create a runnable package.

```
./gradlew clean assemble
```

This command will create a runnable jar file which contains all dependencies. Following command can be used to run this jar.

```
java -jar ./build/libs/NetworkingApp-1.0.jar
```


# API Documentation

API documented using Swagger. Please find [rest-api-swagger.yml](rest-api-swagger.yml) file in the root of the project.

Following curl commands can be used to test the running application.

```
# John sends a message
curl -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST -d '{"message":"Hello, this is my first message"}' http://localhost:8080/user/john/message

# Bob sends a message
curl -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST -d '{"message":"Hi, this is Bob"}' http://localhost:8080/user/bob/message

# John's wall is
curl -X GET http://localhost:8080/user/john/wall

# Bob's wall is
curl -X GET http://localhost:8080/user/bob/wall

# John follows Bob
curl -X PUT http://localhost:8080/user/john/follow/bob

# John's timeline is
curl -X GET http://localhost:8080/user/john/timeline

```

# Comments

- The test document says : A user should be able to see a list of the messages posted by all the people they follow, in reverse chronological order. I would ask that if the timeline will include the messages from given user. Usually, in social apps they includes the messages from given user in addition to messages from following users. I assumed timeline should include messages from the user and messages from the following users. I would not do this assumption before clarifying the requirement.
- I have used in memory repository to simplify the implementation.
- I did not do repositories thread safe as they are just dummy implementation.
- I have not implemented functional or acceptance tests using Cucumber, Behave, or Spock, which we should do BDD normally.
- As this is a test I did not see any harm using reflection equals, hash, toString methods. They can be generated by IDE anyway.
